docs/nia cts multiple source input configuration updates (#12158)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/nia/configuration.mdx

- `name` - (string: required) Name is the unique name of the task (required). A task name must start with a letter or underscore and may contain only letters, digits, underscores, and dashes.
- `enabled` - (bool: true) Enable or disable a task from running and managing resources.
- `providers` - (list[string]) Providers is the list of provider names the task is dependent on. This is used to map [Terraform provider configuration](#terraform-provider) to the task.

> - `services` - (list[string]) An optional list of logical service names or service IDs that the task monitors in Consul Catalog for changes. `services` can be configured with a `condition` block of type `consul-kv`, `catalog-services`, or `schedule` to provide additional services source input to the task. Alternatively, `services` can also be configured with without a `condition` block. Using `services` without a condition block results in a task triggering when the services change. Any service value not explicitly defined by a `service` block with a matching ID, is assumed to be a logical service name in the default namespace.

Author: I added some clarification in the comment above for what I was hoping to get across. To combine with your suggestions, what are your thoughts on:

```
- `services` - (list[string]) Specifies an optional list of logical service names or service IDs that the task monitors for changes in the Consul catalog. The `services` can act in different ways depending on the configuration of the task's `condition` block:
  - no `condition` block: `services` will act as the task's condition and provide the services information as source input
  - `condition` block configured for type `services`: `services` is incompatible with this type of `condition` because both configure the services source input. CTS will return an error.
  - `condition` block configured for all other types: `services` will act only to provide services source input.

  Service values that are not explicitly defined by a `service` block that have a matching ID are assumed to be logical service names in the `default` namespace.
```

> - `services` - (list[string]) An optional list of logical service names or service IDs that the task monitors in Consul Catalog for changes. `services` can be configured with a `condition` block of type `consul-kv`, `catalog-services`, or `schedule` to provide additional services source input to the task. Or it can be configured with no `condition` block to set the task's condition so that the task triggers when the services change. Any service value not explicitly defined by a `service` block with a matching ID is assumed to be a logical service name in the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services` - (list[string]) An optional list of logical service names or service IDs that the task monitors in Consul Catalog for changes. `services` can be configured with a `condition` block of type `consul-kv`, `catalog-services`, or `schedule` to provide additional services source input to the task. Alternatively, `services` can also be configured with without a `condition` block. Using `services` without a condition block results in a task triggering when the services change. Any service value not explicitly defined by a `service` block with a matching ID, is assumed to be a logical service name in the default namespace.
```
I tried to remove ambiguity. Let me know if the suggestion makes change.

Author: I think this adds more clarity, thank you

> - `services` - (list[string]) An optional list of logical service names or service IDs that the task monitors in Consul Catalog for changes. `services` can be configured with a `condition` block of type `consul-kv`, `catalog-services`, or `schedule` to provide additional services source input to the task. Or it can be configured with no `condition` block to set the task's condition so that the task triggers when the services change. Any service value not explicitly defined by a `service` block with a matching ID is assumed to be a logical service name in the default namespace.

Author: Thanks for asking! Yes to the 1st bullet. Regarding the 2nd bullet and 3rd bullet, here's what I was attempting get across:
- When `services` field is configured and `condition` block of type `consul-kv`, `catalog-services`, and `schedule` is configured, then `services field` acts as the task's additional source input
- When `services` field is configured and `condition` block of type `services` is configured, then CTS will error and quit
- When `services` field is configured and no `condition` block is configured, then `services` field acts as the task's condition (the trigger) and the task's source input.

  - `min` - (string: "5s") The minimum period of time to wait after changes are detected before triggering related tasks.
  - `max` - (string: "20s") The maximum period of time to wait after changes are detected before triggering related tasks. If `min` is set, the default period for `max` is 4 times the value of `min`.
- `condition` - (obj) The requirement that, when met, triggers CTS to execute the task. When unconfigured, the default condition is to trigger the task on changes in the services configured in [`services`](#services). Only one `condition` may be configured per task. CTS supports different types of conditions, which each have their own configuration options. See [Task Condition](#task-condition) configuration for full details on configuration options for each condition type.

> - `source_input` - (obj) Specifies a Consul object containing values or metadata to be provided to the Terraform Module. The `source_input` block defines any extra source inputs needed for task in addition to any source input provided by the `condition` block or `services` list. Multiple `source_input` blocks can be configured per task. [Task Source Input](#task-source-input) configuration for full details on usage and restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `source_input` - (obj) Specifies a Consul object containing values or metadata to be provided to the Terraform Module. The `source_input` block defines any extra source inputs needed for task execution.  This is in addition to any source input provided by the `condition` block or `services` list. Multiple `source_input` blocks can be configured per task. [Task Source Input](#task-source-input) configuration for full details on usage and restrictions.
```
The original sentence is a bit confusing. Hoping the change is still true to the orginal intent.

Author: Yes, thank you. This still keeps the original intent

This condition will trigger the task on services that match the regular expression configured in `regexp` or services listed by name in `names`. Either `regexp` or `names` must be configured, but not both.

> When a `condition "services"` is configured for a task, the task cannot be configured with the `services` list field or a `source_input "services"` block. The monitored services information for a task can only be set through one configuration option. Any services source input that the task needs should be configured solely through the `condition` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `condition "services"` is applied to a task configuration, then the following restrictions become applicable. The task cannot be configured with the `services` list field or a `source_input "services"` block. The monitored services information for a task can only be set through one configuration option. Any services source input that the task needs should be configured solely through the `condition` block.
```
I tried to make the restrictions more clear.

Author: I'm realizing I wasn't clear that `condition "services"` refers to a configuration block. What are your thoughts on adding "block" and keeping "configured for":

> When a `condition "services"` block is configured for a task, then the following restrictions become applicable. The task cannot be configured...

I'll apply whatever we talk about here to the consul-kv suggestion below

#### Consul KV Condition

A `condition "consul-kv"` block configures a task to only execute on changes to a Consul KV entry. The condition can be configured for a single Consul KV entry or for any Consul KV entries that are prefixed with a given path.

> When a `condition "consul-kv"` block is configured for a task, the task cannot be configured with a `source_input "consul-kv"` block. The monitored consul-kv information for a task can only be set through one configuration option. Any consul-kv source input that the task needs should be configured solely through the `condition` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `condition "consul-kv"` block is applied to a task configuration, then the following restrictions become applicable. The task cannot be configured with a `source_input "consul-kv"` block. The monitored consul-kv information for a task can only be set through one configuration option. Any consul-kv source input that the task needs should be configured solely through the `condition` block.
```

### Task Source Input

You can optionally add one or more `source_input` blocks to the `task` block. A `source_input` block specifies a Consul object containing values or metadata to be provided to the Terraform Module. Both scheduled and dynamic tasks can be configured with `source_input` blocks.

There are some limitations to the type of `source_input` blocks that can be configured for a task given the task's `condition` block and `services` field. This is because a task cannot have multiple configurations defining the same type of monitored variable:
- A task cannot be configured with a `condition` and `source_input` block of the same type. For example: configuring `condition "consul-kv"` and `source_input "consul-kv"` will error because both configure the `consul_kv` variable.

> - A task cannot be configured with two or more `source_input` blocks with the same type. For example: configuring `source_input "catalog-services"` twice within a task will error because those are multiple configurations for the `catalog_services` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A task cannot be configured with two or more `source_input` blocks of the same type. For example: configuring `source_input "catalog-services"` twice within a task will error because those are multiple configurations for the `catalog_services` variable.
```

> - A task monitoring services can only configure one of `condition "services"`, `source_input "services"`, `services` list because all configure the `services` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A task monitoring service can only have one of the following options applied; `condition "services"`, `source_input "services"`, or `services` list. This restriction is because all three options configure the `services` variable.
```

Is there a better term to use over "option"?

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. What are your thoughts on "A task that monitors services"? I want to keep "service" plural since it can monitor many services.

Better term for "option" 🤔. Maybe "...all three configurations define the `services` variable"?

Reviewer 2: Thumbs up to "A task that monitors services". 
```suggestion
- A task that monitors services can only contain one of the following configurations: 
* `condition "services"`
* `source_input "services"` 
* `services <list>` 
All of the listed configurations affect the `services` variable and including more than one type will return an error.
```
Adding a nested list might not work, so I think you'd have to see how it renders. I don't know if `services <list>` is correct, either.

> Below describes the source input types that CTS supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The section below describes the source input types that CTS supports.
```

There are some limitations to the type of `source_input` blocks that can be configured for a task given the task's `condition` block and `services` field. This is because a task cannot have multiple configurations defining the same type of monitored variable:
- A task cannot be configured with a `condition` and `source_input` block of the same type. For example: configuring `condition "consul-kv"` and `source_input "consul-kv"` will error because both configure the `consul_kv` variable.

> - A task cannot be configured with two or more `source_input` blocks of the same type. For example: configuring `source_input "catalog-services"` twice within a task will error because those are multiple configurations for the `catalog_services` variable.

Author: Definitely an improvement. Helpful to know about the colon vs. comma for this context. I'll fix the other "For example:"s

- A task monitoring services can only configure one of `condition "services"`, `source_input "services"`, `services` list because all configure the `services` variable.

> The section below describes the source input types that CTS supports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following section describes the source input types that CTS supports.
```

### Task Source Input

> You can optionally add one or more `source_input` blocks to the `task` block. A `source_input` block specifies a Consul object containing values or metadata to be provided to the Terraform Module. Both scheduled and dynamic tasks can be configured with `source_input` blocks.
> 
> There are some limitations to the type of `source_input` blocks that can be configured for a task given the task's `condition` block and `services` field. This is because a task cannot have multiple configurations defining the same type of monitored variable:

Reviewer 3: The limitations callout is important. Though reading this with fresh eyes, I think it would be useful to understand what source inputs are before getting to that level of detail, it might lose the reader. What do you think about these ideas:
1. Add a summary/skeleton of what portion of the configuration this section focuses on.
1. Adding a separator like a section title for limitations, like `Task Source Input Restrictions`
1. Move the limitation details after the available options (services and kv inputs).  This would be alluded to in the section summary and then linked.

Maybe a skeleton would be useful visualization to summarize what it means before starting the limitations. I'm hoping it would let the user know what portion of the config this section focuses on at a high level.

```hcl
task {
  name   = ""
  source = ""
  condition "<condition_type>" {
      // ...
  }
  source_input "<input_type>" {
      // ...
  }
}
```

```suggestion
You can optionally add one or more `source_input` blocks to the `task` block. A `source_input` block specifies a Consul object containing values or metadata to be provided to the Terraform Module. Both scheduled and dynamic tasks can be configured with `source_input` blocks.

#### Task Source Input Restrictions
There are some limitations to the type of `source_input` blocks that can be configured for a task given the task's `condition` block and `services` field. This is because a task cannot have multiple configurations defining the same type of monitored variable:
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! I think those make a lot of sense. Just updated with the suggestions - let me know if you have feedback or if I missed what you're saying. I added a warning notification around the 'allusion to the limitations' in the overview section - I wanted to be sure that readers who scan would notice the allusion now that the new restrictions section is at the "end". [preview link](https://consul-m581oyhy5-hashicorp.vercel.app/docs/nia/configuration#task-source-input)

Reviewer 3: The yellow box looks good to catch my eye. The reorg is great, thanks!
